Add release note about minimum version on macos (#16570)
docker/docs: desktop/release-notes.md

#### For Mac

> - Minimum version to install or update Docker Desktop on macOS is now 11 (Big Sur) or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minimum OS version to install or update Docker Desktop on macOS is now macOS Big Sur (version 11) or later.
```

Author: Sure, thanks!
